listen these studios really keep
manufacturing you reboots and franchises
acting like like they want us addicted
to them like we're scoop
i'm so weak oh look i'm a huge scooby
fan
i grew up watching the show cyberchase
was the first dvd i bought when we got
our first player how i bought the damn
bark box just to get them scooby snacks
oh come on eat a scooby snack just one
what's it gonna take
we'd eat a scooby snack for say um
two scooby snacks yeah shaggy lied but
at least warner bros was honest about
this being a stream it
let me explain so scoop is directed by
the animation director of space jam he
also worked on fantastic mr fox
you know this was pitched as an origin
story that i thought had a pretty good
cast
but then it turns out they're just
turning out another cinematic universe
we're
creating a hanna-barbera universe so
incorporating blue falcon and dynamite
and captain caveman
and dd skies these are all existing
characters from the hanna-barbera
universe that are put on the big screen
for the first time so full spoilers for
the iron man
of this series pretty much it's a 15
minute origin story that then becomes
just a plot of the live-action
scooby-doo's combined
this movie begins with them as kids all
coming together after scoobs and shag
got beat up by
icp junior and fred literally comes in
as a knight in shining armor before
jumping to the future where simon cowell
has them going different directions
congratulations gentlemen you are
terrible yeah homie you were funnier
than shrek
the bad guy here also had his own show
back in the day as well as his own dog
which he replaced with robo minions
but after discovering that scooby is a
descendant of alexander the great's dog
he fights harder than vic to get him
yeah they knew what they were doing
scooby and shaggy join the avengers who
again are previously established
characters that are newly established
because
you shall be avenged yeah they know what
they're doing
a big element to this movie is
definitely them banking off on the
spin-offs and franchises that they want
to create that's
no mystery but that makes it so
convoluted part of the gang is searching
for the other with the help of
theo over here in order to be reunited
scooby and shaggy are dealing with their
friendship warner bros is stuffing as
many upcoming easter eggs as they can
mark wahlberg's still working on his
legacy i got a dm from one of my fans
who gave me the location
ryan those are a lot of words no one
your age should be using
now like i said this wouldn't be the
first time they've been separated but
the
first time they broke my heart
[Music]
listen that's bogus and it just makes it
worse when they actually get attacked
and shaggy's throwing a hissy fit
because
his dog won't come here choose
obviously they come together to unmask
the villain twice realize that shag and
scoob are the heart of the team
after like a decade of being together
shaggy gives up his life trading in
himself so that his friends could live
as he shuts down the purse
and then scoob as for him back and he
does it's because
i always want to be with you
zoinks i guess friendship really did
save the day
now let me start with what works
obviously the solving mysteries is
timeless you know
even their outfits are still the same
except for fred with his bomber but you
know he still has that ascot the way
they combine the scores and bring them
in as a nice highlight in the beginning
i thought was beautiful
and like i said there's obviously dozens
of easter eggs throughout the movie but
as much nostalgia as i have for it
i i can't fault for you i gotta be
honest it's not for me
like i've seen various incarnations of
these characters you know they're
fictional so you can literally turn them
to whatever you want i don't really care
but from one latino cartoon to another
y'all just turned velma into dora this
thing is incredible
overall the humor is um it's interesting
this ain't your daddy's blue falcon it
feels like they created an
ai that went through a bunch of memes
and things that people find funny and
then they just
microwaved it for a kid's movie hoping
it would become a gif
[Music]
there are moments where they zoom in you
know with the cameras for reaction shots
of the cartoons like it's an episode of
the office
it's like those instagram comedy videos
that rely on relatability
that no one really says out loud trace
amounts of mustache oil
12 year old scotch ugh is the bad guy my
dad
from the tinder mansion to old
millennial jokes i will say the toxic
masculinity joke that everyone went
crazy for on twitter
i mean it was just a one-off line in the
movie but seeing dudes get triggered
because of that phrase
honestly has to ironically be the
funniest thing i'm not expecting this to
be as raunchy as the live-action ones
were you know
they they even have a radar cut out
there somewhere that's never been
released
i'm mary jane like that is my favorite
name
really yeah no way but i just want him
to be
good don't chase sequels make something
that the studio itself would have more
faith in
it's not new in scooby-doo to do
crossovers but i think the difference is
that the past ones were one-offs
capitalizing on what makes the
characters involved great this feels
corporate
i can't say whether you'll find all of
it funny it was kind of 50 50 for me
which
you know i i wish the ratio was a little
bit higher but you're lying if you don't
think this is funny it's
not fair for the rest of us who have to
pay for netflix you have to pay for
netflix
this will not stand bro that was zac
efron asking
overall i'm still curious to see that
tom and jerry movie that's on the
horizon
they seem to be working on a lot of
spin-offs and it's gonna be a battle to
see what goes to theaters and
what goes to hbo max which is where i
personally think scoob should have gone
but in the lifespan of a property
this is just a blip you know they'll
either reboot it or count it as their
iron man 2
but it at least reinforces the idea that
while robots can't replace man's best
friend
it sure seems like they're about to
replace scripts
thank you guys for watching this video
i'm curious to know your thoughts down
below in the comment section
i'm not a fan of this but obviously i do
like scooby-doo and i want to see them
done well i'm curious to see if they are
going to bring back captain cutler like
they said towards the end of it
i personally wouldn't want the shag
wagon back not the shag tesla that they
got there
and look i love will but this is not his
forte i would not want
if he was the last man on earth i don't
ever want to see him voice shaggy again
like it was just
it was not there uh i'm very curious to
see though what they do with this as
they're expanding it
please don't hit us with copyright
infringement but i do think that this is
something they could do
well and expand on because it's you know
it's great properties
um i i just wish they weren't going
about it the cinematic universe way
which just seems like they're
banking on if you know banking on it
like they're milking it to a degree
that said though within all my research
i did find something that was hilarious
uh when dealing with the original ones i
had no idea that tim curry
who was a lifelong scooby-doo fan was
actually considered for the role of the
villain and he was about to take it
and then literally said no because as
much as he loves scooby-doo he freaking
hates scrappy doo and said nah not gonna
do it i think that's hilarious
uh i'm curious to know you guys thoughts
on this movie or any other fun fact
scooby-doo snacks that you have
uh it's gonna be interesting in 10 years
time we'll probably even have a new
live-action adaptation
where they fight alongside robert
pattinson's batman i have absolutely no
idea
other than that i'm questioning your
thoughts don't forget to comment like
and subscribe
and remember it is brilliant american
literature and i don't care what anybody
it is it's lit it should be
taught in schools